0. Ball Name - Ability Name - Ability Description - Logic (What it's supposed to do)
1. Dutch Empire - Pepper Master! - Dutch Empire can use his spices to boost up Attack stats by 25%. ( usable 3 times ) - Attack stats get increased by 25% for 3 rounds
2. Pacific Ocean - You can't swim bro? - This ball can drown the opponent's ball dealing 250 damage each time. (Usable 5 times) - The opponent's active ball takes 250 over 5 rounds
3. Tumbleweed - Extremely Hot - When this ball come to the battle field the field will become so hot the opponents ball takes 100 damage each round. - While this ball is on the battlefield, the opposing ball takes 100 damage each round
4. Missing Ball - The only missing! - Missing ball can make the opponent's ball disappear for 5 turns from the Battlefield. (Usable twice) - The opponent's ball disappears (cannot attack and cannot be attacked) for 2 rounds. During this time the opponent cannot perform any actions.
5. Thaitangle - Black May - Thaitangle can boost its attack by 200% for 3 rounds, but if the targeted ball does not die, then it dies immediately. - Attack stats are doubled for 3 rounds, but if the opposing ball does not die, then Thaitangle dies immediately.
6. Mauritangle - Tangle Time!!! - Mauritangle can make the opponents dance to the tango for 5 rounds, decreasing their attack by 33% - The opposing ball loses 33% of their attack stat for 5 rounds
7. Random Ball - Randomizer! - When Random ball gets killed, it chooses a random ball from the opponent's deck and uses it's attack and hp. (Usable once) - When this ball dies, it gets a second life using stats from a random ball in the opponent's deck.
8. Sealed Reichtangle - Broken Seal - When this ball is half hp it then will regenerate into its full hp and release it's full potential. - Once this ball gets down to half health (or less, depending on the damage done), then it regenerates back to full with double the attack. (Usable once)
9. Tokelau - On the wind of Pacific Ocean! - If the Pacific Ocean is in your deck, Tokelau gains +300 stats bonus on attack and hp. - When this ball is on the battlefield, the deck is checked for pacific ocean, if it exists in the deck then add 300 to both health and attacks of Tokelau
10. Arctic Ocean - Ice Berg Crash! - Arctic ocean can use its icebergs to stun the opponent for 2 turns and deal 420 damage. (Usable twice)	- Opposing balls gets stunned for two turns and takes 420 damage, usable twice, ability cannot be used if the ball is currently stunned.
11. Antarctic Empire - Brothers made of Snow and Ice! - When Arctic Ocean is in your deck, both gain 300 stats - If arctic ocean is in the deck, both arctic ocean and Antarctic empire gain 300 in both stats.